Initial commit of labs project moved from Sample Pages repo (#46)
skuid/skuid-labs: experiments/snippets/dragAndDropOpportunityWall/README.md

> # Opportunity Planning Wall

Reviewer: Why don't we call this what it is, a kanban wall? People love kanbans! This title really buries the lede.

Reviewer: Maybe `Drag and Drop (Kanban) Opportunity Wall`

> 

Reviewer: On v1 at 12.2.6. No dice when I try to drop an opportunity in a new column. This page **does not appear to work**.

Author: Found other examples that work and replaced JS.

> This page creates a Kanban like view of opportunities. They are broken down into a column for each stage.  A snippet enables drag and drop, so an opportunity can be taken from one column and dragged into another - which updates the stage name value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page creates a kanban-inspired view of opportunities. They are broken down into columns for each stage.  A snippet enables drag and drop interactions, so an opportunity can be dragged from one column into another - which updates the stage name value.
```

Reviewer: Word things

> ## Stage Names. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Stage Names
```
Don't need periods in headings
